New Resource: `azurerm_data_protection_backup_policy_data_lake_storage` (#31179)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/data_protection_backup_policy_data_lake_storage.html.markdown

* `weeks_of_month` - (Optional) Possible values are `First`, `Second`, `Third`, `Fourth` and `Last`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

-> **Note:** When not using `absolute_criteria`, you must use exactly one of `days_of_month` or `days_of_week`. Regarding the remaining two properties, `weeks_of_month` and `months_of_year`, you may use either, both, or neither. If you would like to set multiple intervals, you may do so by using multiple `retention_rule` blocks.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the Azure Backup Policy Data Lake Storage.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/configure#define-operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the Azure Backup Policy Data Lake Storage.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Azure Backup Policy Data Lake Storage.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the Azure Backup Policy Data Lake Storage.

## Import

> Azure Backup Policy Data Lake Storage's can be imported using the `resource id`, e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Azure Backup Policy Data Lake Storages can be imported using the `resource id`, e.g.
```

> Azure Backup Policy Data Lake Storages can be imported using the `resource id`, e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Azure Backup Policies for Data Lake Storage can be imported using the `resource id`, e.g.
```
